These are additional functionality comments to incorpora

1) Table "project_codes". Please do not confuse this with the unique ID for the project level lists, though we could refer to that as Project ID. Project_Code is a combination of the Client Code and client suffix (a 2 digit code). A single project might have multiple project_codes, they define a certain scope that might only cover portion of the project and can sometimes have its own budget or allocation of the project budget. This also relates to other comments below

2) Time charges: Add functionality where I can add timesheet-type summaries where we have by period (typically daily or monthly mmyyyy) by project_code (client code and client suffix) BY PERSON the time worked and the amounts this translates to. I will share Yeah. I will share here an extract of this report so you can know exactly the structure, the data types, used. Note that total hours and total charges are the important value variables, while reference to z and non z elements really refer to internal projects that will not be billed to a versus billable client work. I will be uploading frequently. Such reports and would need to keep historical summaries of the accumulated historical values, It would be useful to add functionality that will check for uniqueness of records to avoid To get the records, In case where a report that gets uploaded, covers periods that were already uploaded previously. I will save a CSV file, "sample_time_sheet", in the root folder.

3) Write offs: When projects exceed the budget, we might need to reduce the time charges in the system by using write offs. Those are usually entered as a total number that is allocated down to project code and consultant person either based on the charges they built or in another ad hoc way.  We should maintain a table to track write offs. By project client, amounts, allocations to persons, and time that a write off  is performed.

4) In the project summary information, I would like to incorporate the additional information provided from the rolled up time charges in terms of the sum of the time charges, the invoiced amounts (sum of net of VAT amounts in invoices to that project), as well as write offs 